 
K8S The Hard Way run through
Run through all the tasks in the k8s docs
Practice with systemd, journald, openssl, cfssl, and etcd
Work through the sections in Walid’s github list

Try the following exercises interactively:

Note - there are no answers here on purpose. You should be able to do these yourself using the minimal 
docs that you are allowed to use during the test. At a minimum this should train you on where to look 
for this info during the test, without notes.

Create a node that has a SSD and label it as such. 
Create a pod that is only scheduled on SSD nodes.
Create 2 pod definitions: the second pod should be scheduled to run anywhere the first pod is running - 
2nd pod runs alongside the first pod.
Create a deployment running nginx version 1.12.2 that will run in 2 pods
	a. Scale this to 4 pods.
	b. Scale it back to 2 pods.
	c. Upgrade this to 1.13.8
	d. Check the status of the upgrade
	e. How do you do this in a way that you can see history of what happened?
	f. Undo the upgrade
Create a service that uses a scratch disk.
	a. Change the service to mount a disk from the host.
	b. Change the service to mount a persistent volume.
Create a pod that has a liveness check
Create a service that manually requires endpoint creation - and create that too
Create a daemon set
	a. Change the update strategy to do a rolling update but delaying 30 seconds between pod updates
Create a static pod
Create a busybox container without a manifest. Then edit the manifest.
Create a pod that uses secrets
	a. Pull secrets from environment variables
	b. Pull secrets from a volume
	c. Dump the secrets out via kubectl to show it worked
Create a job that runs every 3 minutes and prints out the current time.
Create a job that runs 20 times, 5 containers at a time, and prints "Hello parallel world"
Create a service that uses an external load balancer and points to a 3 pod cluster running nginx.
Create a horizontal autoscaling group that starts with 2 pods and scales when CPU usage is over 50%.
Create a custom resource definition
	a. Display it in the API with curl
Create a networking policy such that only pods with the label access=granted can talk to it.
	a. Create an nginx pod and attach this policy to it. 
	b. Create a busybox pod and attempt to talk to nginx - should be blocked
	c. Attach the label to busybox and try again - should be allowed
Create a service that references an externalname.
	a. Test that this works from another pod
Create a pod that runs all processes as user 1000.
Create a namespace
	a. Run a pod in the new namespace
	b. Put memory limits on the namespace
	c. Limit pods to 2 persistent volumes in this namespace
Write an ingress rule that redirects calls to /foo to one service and to /bar to another
Write a service that exposes nginx on a nodeport
	a. Change it to use a cluster port
	b. Scale the service
	c. Change it to use an external IP
	d. Change it to use a load balancer
Deploy nginx with 3 replicas and then expose a port
	a. Use port forwarding to talk to a specific port
Make an API call using CURL and proper certs
Upgrade a cluster with kubeadm
Get logs for a pod
Deploy a pod with the wrong image name (like --image=nginy) and find the error message.
Get logs for kubectl
Get logs for the scheduler
Restart kubelet

Non-K8S
Convert a CRT to a PEM
	a. Convert it back
Backup an etcd cluster
List the members of an etcd cluster
Find the health of etcd


